README.md, before:

# Individual-Project
## DAJP1-9-2022: On-line teaching simulation / visualisation

![Waveform](waveform.png)

View the simulation [here](https://benmillar-york.github.io/Individual-Project/).

This project is currently a simple prototype designed for me to test the following:
- Drawing an oscilloscope esque diagram on a HTML Canvas with moving sineusodial waves
- Allowing the user to interact with an argand diagram to select the sine wave
- Testing github page hosting for demonstrating progress with this project

This concept was decided upon as regardless of the specific simulation chosen it will be required to dynamically draw content on a canvas.

# Changlog
## [0.7.0] - 2022/10/09
### Added
- Merged argand diagrams into one,
- Added shift click functionalty for second waveform
## [0.6.2] - 2022/10/09
### Improved
Improved mobile support with flex box wrapping
## [0.6.1] - 2022/10/09
- Adjusted default waveforms
- Optimised the code
## [0.6.0] - 2022/10/09
### Added
- Added summation menu
### Known Issues
- Summation menu is not aligned with the above wave menu.
## [0.5.2] - 2022/10/09
### Fixed
- Issue where angle arc was not showing.
- Draw order on the argand diagram.
## [0.5.1] - 2022/10/09
### Fixed
- Argand diagram will now update when the sliders do.
## [0.5.0] - 2022/10/09
### Added
- Summation waveform.
### Fixed
- Issue where radio button label text couldn't be interacted with.
## [0.4.0] - 2022/10/09
### Added
- Second waveform
## [0.3.1] - 2022/10/09
### Fixed
- Issue with incorrect phase angle being displayed on the graph
## [0.3.0] - 2022/10/09
### Added
- Argand diagram, allowing the user to select Amplitude and Phase from the graph
- Ability for the user to select the desired phase of sine wave.

### Known Issues
- Phase is not correct with the axis displayed, phase is correct with the leftmost point on the graph

### Removed
- Consine and tangent waves to simplify interaction with the argand diagram

## [0.2.0] - 2022/10/08
### Added
- Trig wave viewer
- Sliders to modify trig wave

## [0.1.0] - 2022/10/07
### Added
- Created repository
- Added node to gitignore
- Added licence file

Commit message:

Fixed issue with misaligned summation menu

README.md, after:

# Individual-Project
## DAJP1-9-2022: On-line teaching simulation / visualisation

![Waveform](img/waveform.png)

View the simulation [here](https://benmillar-york.github.io/Individual-Project/).

This project is currently a simple prototype designed for me to test the following:
- Drawing an oscilloscope esque diagram on a HTML Canvas with moving sineusodial waves
- Allowing the user to interact with an argand diagram to select the sine wave
- Testing github page hosting for demonstrating progress with this project

This concept was decided upon as regardless of the specific simulation chosen it will be required to dynamically draw content on a canvas.

# Changlog
## [0.7.1] - 2022/10/09
- Fixed issue with misaligned summation menu
- Fixed issue with no default selected for wave 2 direction
- Moved waveform image
## [0.7.0] - 2022/10/09
### Added
- Merged argand diagrams into one,
- Added shift click functionalty for second waveform
## [0.6.2] - 2022/10/09
### Improved
Improved mobile support with flex box wrapping
## [0.6.1] - 2022/10/09
- Adjusted default waveforms
- Optimised the code
## [0.6.0] - 2022/10/09
### Added
- Added summation menu
### Known Issues
- Summation menu is not aligned with the above wave menu.
## [0.5.2] - 2022/10/09
### Fixed
- Issue where angle arc was not showing.
- Draw order on the argand diagram.
## [0.5.1] - 2022/10/09
### Fixed
- Argand diagram will now update when the sliders do.
## [0.5.0] - 2022/10/09
### Added
- Summation waveform.
### Fixed
- Issue where radio button label text couldn't be interacted with.
## [0.4.0] - 2022/10/09
### Added
- Second waveform
## [0.3.1] - 2022/10/09
### Fixed
- Issue with incorrect phase angle being displayed on the graph
## [0.3.0] - 2022/10/09
### Added
- Argand diagram, allowing the user to select Amplitude and Phase from the graph
- Ability for the user to select the desired phase of sine wave.

### Known Issues
- Phase is not correct with the axis displayed, phase is correct with the leftmost point on the graph

### Removed
- Consine and tangent waves to simplify interaction with the argand diagram

## [0.2.0] - 2022/10/08
### Added
- Trig wave viewer
- Sliders to modify trig wave

## [0.1.0] - 2022/10/07
### Added
- Created repository
- Added node to gitignore
- Added licence file
